Map name		: s4wk
File name		: rpg100b1.bsp
Version number		: 1.0
Date started		: Mid-March, 2002
Date completed		: 30/04/02
Author			: Robert P. Gove Jr
Net Nickname		: R.P.G.
E-mail address		: rpg_6sp@hotmail.com
			  All comments are welcome
Home page		: http://levelthang.tripod.com/
Description		: This is a map made for the third 100 Brush map contest.  The
			  challenge of the contest was to make a map with only 100 brushes.
			  Most normal maps contain about 2000 brushes or more.  With
			  this limited set of brushes, the contestant was to make a map that
			  is as close to a normal map as possible.
Story			: You've been wandering through seemingly endless canyons.  You can
			  can feel a force in this area -- some sort of incredible being, yet
			  at the same time immature.  You're progressing closer to its domain,
			  and you can feel its presence growing stronger.  You will encounter
			  this entity sooner or later.  The outcome is uncertain.
Additional credits	: id software for Quake, Ravyn for textures, etc.
Thank yous		: God (who made all this possible), Mum (who made all this possible),
			  the beta testers, all the r33t d00ds in #terrafusion (you know who
			  you are), Dogfish, Jackson Tufts, and Dan Smith.
Beta testers		: Speedy, DaZ, CardO, Vondur, GomJabber, nanoSpawn, CZG
			  
Previous works		: Some old ones for Duke Nukem 3D, 1 for Quake 2, 1 for Quake 3, and
			  all of them are 100% suckage.  Here is a list of my more recent maps:

				* Quake 1 *
			  SM32.bsp - Shut Up RPG!
			  RPGSP1.bsp - Penile Devastation


* Play Information *
Game			: Quake
Single player		: Yes
Cooperative		: Yes, 3 starts
Deathmatch		: No.
Difficulty settings	: Yes, 0-3
New sounds		: No
New graphics		: Yes.  Textures from Hexen 2, Heretic 2, sky from Vondur's Zed.
New music		: No
CD track #		: 5
Demos replaced		: None
Misc info		: 


* Construction *

Base			: New level from scratch
Editor(s) used		: GTKRadiant for the architecture and most of the entities; QERadiant
			  for final skill setting stuff; MapSpy for QBSP error checking and
			  fixing; Notepad.
Build time		: A few hours here and there for approximately one month.
Known bugs		: Not really any.

Compile utilities	: Mapconv v1.2.1 by Kristian "SleepwalkR" Duske, TreeQBSP v1.71 by
			  Bengt Jardrup based on TreeQBSP v1.62 by Greg Lewis, TyrVIS by Kevin "Tyrann"
			  Shanahan based on RVIS+, TyrLite v0.92 by Kevin "Tyrann" Shanahan.
TreeQBSP settings	: -oldaxis
TyrVIS settings		: -level 4
TyrLite settings	: -extra
MapConv			: 0 seconds
WQBSP time		: 6
TyrVIS			: 128
TyrLite			: 547
Brushes			: 100
Entities		: 856


* HOW TO PLAY *

This map should come in a pack file with other 100 brush contest maps.  See that pack's readme
for installation instructions and info on how to play.



* WHERE TO GET THIS LEVEL *

My web page ( http://levelthang.tripod.com/ ) should have a link to the pack.  If it's not
there, or that site goes down, try searching on Google for "100B contest v1.3" or "100 brush
contest".



* PLEASE NOTE *

Neither I or id Software, are responsible for any damage these files may or
may not cause.  However, it is highly unlikely that any damage will be
caused as a direct result from these files.

Other authors are not permitted to use this level as a base to build
additional levels.



* COPYRIGHT NOTICES and PERMISSIONS *

By extracting files from this archive or otherwise using this archive or
the files contained within it, you agree to abide by this statement:

This level is copyright 2002 by Robert P. Gove JR. All rights reserved.
Distribution of the file rpg100b1.bsp outside of the original contest pack
without prior written consent is strictly prohibited.  Permission
to use, copy and distribute unedited copies of this file -- rpg100b1.bsp --
is hereby granted, provided that no fee is charged for the use or
availability of this file (other than the normal connection costs for
on-line services, if applicable) and it is distributed in the original
contest pack. The above copyright notice must be left intact in all copies
of this file.

Commercial distribution of this file, in whole or in part, requires 
prior written consent from the author. Commercial distribution includes 
any means by which the user is required to pay either for the support 
(e.g. book, newsletter or CD-ROM) or for the file itself.  Unauthorized 
commercial distribution is prohibited.

If you wish to commercially distribute this file, note the following:

(1)  This file contains intellectual property (including, but not 
     limited to, textures and other artwork) owned solely by Id 
     Software (www.idsoftware.com), and is subject to any and all 
     copyrights held by them.  The author does not have authority 
     or permission, either expressed or implied, to grant usage of 
     Id's copyright, and, by granting permission to use this level 
     in a single commercial release, does not claim or waive their 
     rights thereby.

(2)  Permission is granted by the author for the one-time commercial
     distribution of this file if all of the following conditions are
     met:

     (a)  The author is notified by email prior to the file's inclusion 
          on any commercial release;
     (b)  The author is provided with one (1) "contributor's copy" of
          the finished product upon it's release.  Said "contributor's 
          copy" is to be sent to the author using the shipping address 
          specified by the author in his/her reply to the publisher's 
          initial email notification, and is to be provided at no cost 
          to the author;
     (c)  This file (including this copyright notice) is not to be 
          modified in any way, and shall be distributed as the author 
          intended;
     (d)  The author retains all relevant and proper copyrights to this 
          work both prior to and subsequent to the commercial release of 
          this file;
     (e)  The publisher obtains prior written consent from the author.

(3)  By requesting a shipping address from the author, the publisher
     signifies acceptance of, and agrees to abide by, these conditions.
     By returning a valid shipping address to the publisher, the author
     thereby grants the publisher one-time usage of the author's 
     copyrighted work for commercial purposes.

Thank you for your interest in this work.

